Listen up!
The Hero has been lost in the
waters near the Field of Death.
While he may have been
wounded by Lord Hadlar,
we believe that
the boy has survived-
and gone into hiding.
[snarling]
Zaboera: Now is the
time for the Mystic Legion
to distinguish itself in the
eyes of the Dark King, Vearn!
We must find the Hero and
eliminate him once and for all!
Now, go forth!
Fly, my legions!
[vicious cheering]
Popp: Dai, where are you?
Chiu: Once I get the scent,
we'll find him in no time.
[sniffing]
[alarmed grunt]
So, anything?!
Uh... My nose is frozen.
Well I don't know
why I'm surprised.
Regardless...
I don't think the usual tracking
methods will be of any use.
It's possible that
the young seer, Merle,
could be of use
to us out here.
Her kind have
a strange power.
Popp: But the Dark Army
could show up any second.
Merle's talented, but...
not much of a fighter.
Crocodine: Well,
I couldn't find a single clue
when looking down from above.
So that means...
I know.
Time for us to get in there
and see what we can see.
[nervous yell]
Let's go!
Whoa, wait!
Shouldn't we take a
second and warm up first?
Chiu: I thought
that this was gonna
finally be my time to shine.
But this... this
isn't ideal for me.
I don't know...
how to swim.
Man O'War: [chuckling]
[alarmed grunt]
[annoyed yell]
What's your problem?
Chiu: I will not be mocked
by some mere Man o'War!
You little...
[laughing]
Chiu: [grumbling]
That's it!
Chiu: Listen.
I've got a proposal.
I'll make it worth your while.
So cold!
T-This is so hopeless.
I could barely
last a few minutes.
Even Dai couldn't
survive in that water!
Crocodine: It'd take
forever for the two of us
to search the
depths of the ocean.
It's also possible that he's
somewhere above the sea level.
Buried deep within
the ice and snow.
And if that is the case...
how do we find him
among all these?
Chiu: [humming]
I thought you
came here to help-
not sit around fishing
all day, you rat!
[chuckling]
To the layman's eye
it may appear like
I'm simply "fishing",
but you would be
severely mistaken.
My mind is operating on a
whole other level, young mage.
You wish.
Ah, it's back!
What is that?
[chuckle]
Haven't you ever seen
a Man o' War in action?
I've trained this
one to look for Dai
in return for food, y'see.
Oh? That is very
impressive, little one.
Chiu: Why, thank you!
A Fat Rat is like the
king of the monster world.
Any creature
will bow before me.
Yeah, I doubt that.
Chiu: Hey, did you find Dai?
Oh! That's his...
Dai has to be near.
He must be.
That's all?
Chiu: Did you really
search everywhere?
Wasn't there a human?!
Dai...
At least now we know that
we are on the right track.
Huh?
Chiu: Oh, the food I promised.
Just hold on a minute.
I haven't caught it yet.
Alright, that's on me.
Dai, please... Please,
just... still be alive.
I promise I'm
going to find you.
No matter how many
hundreds or thousands
of these icebergs
we have to search...
I'm not going to give up.
Dai!
Dai: Popp?
I thought... I thought
I just heard Popp's voice.
C-Could the others be nearby?
Okay...
This is... the very last bit
of my Aura that I can use...
Here goes. Please,
Popp... Everyone...
I'm over here!
Popp!
[surprised breaths]
Look - that light!
It must be...
The Dragon Crest!
It's him!
Hey! W-Wait up...
Great, I'm still numb.
You just wait here.
Garuda!
Chiu [thought]:
How pathetic...
Yet again, Chiu...
Alright.
So, he survived...
We knew the little guy was going
to be all right, didn't we?!
Yes, indeed.
He must have heard
your voice, somehow.
[relieved chuckle]
What's wrong, Crocodine?!
Guess they heard you, as well.
Crocodine: It must be a
search party sent by Zaboera.
I will take care
of them myself.
Go melt the iceberg
and rescue the hero!
Are you sure you can
handle them by yourself?
[amused chuckle]
It's a little soon for
you to worry about me.
You focus on saving
your friend. Alright?
'kay - it's a plan.
I'll make it quick!
You shall not pass!
There you are, Zaboera.
A curse upon you, Crocodine.
Foolish traitors have
no business out here!
Crocodine: You always
hide in the shadows
and never get your
hands dirty...
Yet here you stand,
alongside your servants.
Zaboera: [cackling]
Crocodine: I'm guessing
you've lost some stature
within the Dark Army.
W-Why you...
Crocodine: When you
hide behind others,
leeching off their efforts and
never working to
better yourself,
you're bound to end
up like you have...
Nothing but a
servant yourself!
You shut up.
Once I take care
of you and the mage,
I'll finish off the hero!
Get him!
[chuckling]
[worried gasp]
I guess that our time
apart has made you forget...
The power of the Beast King!
[frustrated grumble]
Flying Flayers!
Looks like they've started.
Oh, no. The light...
The light from
the crest is fading!
P-Popp...
Popp: Dai!
I have to hurry.
Those morons need all
the help they can get!
Hym: Zaboera is
on the Hero's trail.
He and his minions have
headed out to the frozen sea.
Hadlar: The fool has
gotten ahead of himself.
Hym, bring Zaboera back.
By whatever means necessary.
Lord.
Dai and his
friends belong to me.
No one else shall fight them.
[roaring]
Crocodine: [roaring]
There. I found him.
I need to be
careful from here.
What're you doing
standing around?!
Leave this to me!
Huh?!
Chiu: Rattus Rocket Ram!
Popp: [pained groans]
You idiot!
Dai!
Wake up!
Dai? Dai, hang in there!
H-hey...
I-I knew I heard
you out there...
Yeah, obviously.
Who else is crazy
enough to come out here
and rescue you, you dummy?
And me! Don't forget I
came all this way too, Dai!
Chiu, I need you
to carry that sword.
Let's get out of here, now.
What... about... my praise?
Chiu [thought]: How can a
sword so small be this heavy?
[gasp]
Popp: Zaboera...
He's fast! How did he-
Flying Flayers! Cast
your Kafrizz spells on me!
Oh, no. Not good.
Zaboera: This is my
ultimate counter magic,
the convergence
spell, Hexcitation.
It will absorb the magic
power of another's spell,
combine it with my
own spell, and fire!
With the united Kafrizz
of me and my Flying Flayers,
I'll evaporate you
and this entire iceberg!
Dai, Popp! Run!
Popp [thought]:
If I run using Zoom,
the spell will just hit Chiu.
Can I cancel it out
with a spell of my own?!
Perish!
[shocked yell]
What happened?!
Wh-Wh-What is that!?
Who's this? An ally?
A man made of metal?
Some new kind of foe?
But then, why did
it save them?!
What is this?
Who are you?!
How dare you stand in my way!
Even Zaboera doesn't
even know who this is?
I am one of Lord Hadlar's
loyal soldiers, the pawn, Hym!
Hym?
Popp [thought]:
Did he say pawn?
Hym: My master has
ordered me to retrieve you,
to end your disobedience,
that's gone on long enough.
Crocodine [thought]:
He's powerful.
Fine, metal man - take this!
[chuckling]
[shocked gasp]
Impossible! My spell
had no effect at all...
Come to think of it,
you already repelled my
Hexcitation spell with ease.
What are you?
You old fool.
I am one of the ultimate guards
created by your direct
superior, master Hadlar.
My entire body is
made of Orichalcum.
I am invulnerable to
all attacks and spells.
Only an Orichalcum blade or
the omnipotent
Dark King Vearn himself
can do any harm to
something as powerful as I.
W-What?!
Ah, you there!
Huh?!
Hym: That sword
belongs to you?
Shame. The owner of that
blade might have actually
put up a good fight.
Then why not end this
battle here and now?!
Why bother protecting us?!
[laughing]
I'm not some disobedient
scumbag like this one.
You see, I am a proud
servant of Lord Hadlar.
I will only face my
opponents head-on in battle.
Ending you in such a cheap way
would be miserably boring.
I protect the Field of
Death with my four comrades
under the orders of our
Dark Lord without hesitation.
We shall cross
paths, eventually.
You'd better train for
when that day comes.
I'd hate to see
Hadlar be disappointed.
[laughing]
Are you okay?
Uh, y-yeah.
Our enemy just rescued us.
Hey, Crocodine. That guy
said that he was a "pawn".
By pawn, did he mean...
Crocodine: Yes. It's the name
of the weakest piece in chess.
You're saying that
thing was the weakest?
It's a scary thought,
but... seems so.
Dai: Let's go, guys.
We should really
get back to Papnica.
There's lots to do, right?
It's true - I suppose.
I completely forgot that
you're still half-frozen
and pretty banged up.
Yeah, sure am.
[chuckling]
[giggling]
Popp: All right.
Back to Papnica!
We can figure
things out then.
Will you fix your
landings, already?!
Don't blame me!
I carried all of you!
Maam: Dai! Everyone!
Thank goodness you're back!
Didn't I say you
could depend on me?
He needed some help,
but we pulled it off.
Maam: Dai!
Both: Huh?
Oh, Dai, you're...
You're back!
It's a miracle!
How dare-
Hym: You don't have the
power to escape that cage.
Why don't you just cool
your head in there for now?
W-Wait! Wait!
Curse you, Hadlar.
How dare you steal my glory!
Killvearn: It's
time to see Hadlar's
newly assembled royal guard.
Giving him five whole
Orichalcum warriors
was rather generous
of you, King Vearn.
Why shouldn't I?
Mere Gargoyles and Archdemons
wouldn't be strong enough to
be Hadlar's guard these days.
At last.
Hadlar: Oh, great
Dark King Vearn,
I present to you my
fearsome new servants.
Five pieces born from your
everlasting Orichalcum gifts.
First is the pawn, Hym.
The knight, Sigma.
The bishop, Fenbren.
Block, the rook.
And queen Albinass.
The ultimate force
which will protect
the Field of Death
from all invaders...
the Hadlar Royal Guard!
Magnificent, Hadlar.
You shall be the leader
of that royal guard.
Once the Disciples of
Avan are defeated,
and the world is
conquered at last,
I shall grant you dominion
over the surface world.
And when that day comes,
you will truly reclaim
the title of Dark Lord.
Narrator: With the showdown
against King Vearn drawing near,
the Disciples of Avan all
work to hone their skills.
In search of an incantation to
beat Hadlar's Royal Guard,
Popp visits Matoriv,
who unveils a spell
that even the Grand Sorcerer
himself fears to use...
But will Popp survive
the deadly training?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Extreme
Annihilation Spell, Medroa".